BAS 300: Building Professional Competencies. 3 credits.
This course serves as an orientation to the BAS degree program. Current strengths are assessed and future planning is highlighted. Core competency areas related to personal effectiveness and academic/workplace success are stressed. Introduction to the university online learning system and other available resources useful for degree completion are also emphasized.  Offered by Provost's Office. Limited to three attempts.
Registration Restrictions: Enrollment limited to students in a Bachelor of Applied Science degree.
Schedule Type: Seminar
Grading: This course is graded on the Undergraduate Regular scale.

BAS 490: Introduction to Research Methods. 3 credits.
This course introduces students to fundamental research methods and processes. Students will explore their research interests and identify one topic as well as learn to set up research questions, review literature, and define appropriate methods for data collection. This course intends to prepare students for their practicum study in BAS 491.  Offered by Provost's Office. Limited to three attempts.
Registration Restrictions: Required Prerequisites: (BAS 300C or 300XS).C Requires minimum grade of C.XS Requires minimum grade of XS.Enrollment limited to students with a class of Junior Plus, Senior Plus or Senior.Enrollment is limited to students with a major in Applied Science.Enrollment limited to students in the UN-BAS-APLS program.
Schedule Type: Lecture
Grading: This course is graded on the Undergraduate Regular scale.

BAS 491: Applied Sciences Capstone. 3 credits.
Students participate in an approved fieldwork study program and complete a research project as identified in BAS 490 Introduction to Research Methods. The Capstone project involves choosing and researching a workplace problem; designing, implementing and evaluating a specific plan of action; and formally presenting the project once completed.  Offered by Provost's Office. Limited to three attempts.
Mason Core: Capstone
Registration Restrictions: Required Prerequisites: (BAS 490C or 490XS).C Requires minimum grade of C.XS Requires minimum grade of XS.Enrollment limited to students with a class of Junior Plus, Senior Plus or Senior.Enrollment is limited to students with a major in Applied Science.
Schedule Type: Research
Grading: This course is graded on the Undergraduate Regular scale.

BAS 492: Capstone Development. 3 credits.
Students will learn and prepare professional objectives during the semester. Actionable objectives include the creation of a portfolio, reflections on personal experience, and direct association with their field of study. The course will use reflections, professional interviews, and peer plus instructor critiques. This course intends to prepare students for their practicum study in BAS 493. Offered by Provost's Office. Limited to three attempts.
Registration Restrictions: Required Prerequisites: (BAS 300C or 300XS).C Requires minimum grade of C.XS Requires minimum grade of XS.Enrollment limited to students with a class of Junior Plus, Senior Plus or Senior.Enrollment is limited to students with a concentration in Cloud Computing or Cybersecurity.Enrollment limited to students in a Bachelor of Applied Science degree.
Schedule Type: Seminar
Grading: This course is graded on the Undergraduate Regular scale.

BAS 493: BAS Capstone. 3 credits.
Students participate in an approved fieldwork study program defined in BAS 492, integrating knowledge from coursework and synthesizing it in practical application. The Capstone project includes workplace experience, class discussion, continuous learning requirements, and a final project presentation. Offered by Provost's Office. Limited to three attempts.
Registration Restrictions: Required Prerequisites: (BAS 490C or 490XS).C Requires minimum grade of C.XS Requires minimum grade of XS.Enrollment limited to students with a class of Junior Plus, Senior Plus or Senior.Enrollment is limited to students with a concentration in Cloud Computing or Cybersecurity.Enrollment limited to students in a Bachelor of Applied Science degree.
Schedule Type: Internship
Grading: This course is graded on the Undergraduate Regular scale.

