BULE 303: Legal Environment of Business. 3 credits.
Survey of the legal environment of business, emphasizing legal concepts and legal reasoning to prepare students to recognize legal problems and formulate appropriate responses. Topics include the federal and state court systems, constitutional and administrative law, business torts and crimes, contracts and business ethics. Lecture, discussion, cases. Notes: School of Business students will not be permitted to make more than three attempts to achieve a C or higher in BULE 303. The third attempt requires School of Business academic advisor approval. Those who do not successfully complete this course within three attempts will be terminated from their major and will not be eligible to receive a degree from the School of Business. For more information about this, see the "Termination from the Major" section under Academic Policies.Students cannot receive credit for both BULE 302 and BULE 303. Offered by School of Business. Limited to two attempts.
Recommended Prerequisite: Degree status; sophomore standing
Registration Restrictions: Students with a class of Freshman may not enroll.Non-Degree or Washington Consortium level students may not enroll.Students with the terminated from BU major attribute may not enroll.
Schedule Type: Lecture
Grading: This course is graded on the Undergraduate Regular scale.

BULE 402: Commercial Law. 3 credits.
Survey of commercial law emphasizing the Uniform Commercial Code. Lecture, discussion, cases. A third attempt will require academic advisor approval. Offered by School of Business. Limited to two attempts.
Registration Restrictions: Required Prerequisites: BULE 302C, L302, 303C, L303 or 303XS.C Requires minimum grade of C.XS Requires minimum grade of XS.Students with a class of Freshman or Sophomore may not enroll.Non-Degree level students may not enroll.Students with the terminated from BU major attribute may not enroll.
Schedule Type: Lecture
Grading: This course is graded on the Undergraduate Regular scale.

