USST 301: Urban Growth in a Shrinking World. 3 credits.
Examines process of urbanization historically and comparatively. For major world regions, attention is given to the political economy of urbanization and its impact on social and economic relations. Examines growing globalization of the world economy, implications for urban life, and urban political economy of the future. Offered by Schar School of Policy & Govt. Limited to three attempts.
Specialized Designation: Green Leaf Related Course
Schedule Type: Lecture
Grading: This course is graded on the Undergraduate Regular scale.

USST 390: Special Topics in Urban and Suburban Studies. 3 credits.
Subject varies according to specialization of instructor. Offered by Schar School of Policy & Govt. Limited to three attempts.
Specialized Designation: Topic Varies
Schedule Type: Lecture
Grading: This course is graded on the Undergraduate Regular scale.

USST 401: Seminar: The Future of Metropolitan America. 3 credits.
Examines trends in the development of American metropolis, including impact of information economy and technological developments on metropolitan form and life, continuing outward growth and increasing decentralization of metropolitan areas, changing functional organization of urban space, and continued social segregation in metropolitan areas. Analyzes contemporary predictions about future of metropolitan life in America, and explores how alternative public policies can shape that future. Students work on research projects in metro area. Offered by Schar School of Policy & Govt. Limited to three attempts.
Recommended Prerequisite: 12 hours of USST approved courses, including USST 301, or Permission of Instructor.
Schedule Type: Seminar
Grading: This course is graded on the Undergraduate Regular scale.

USST 490: Internship. 3 credits.
Approved work-study programs that focus on urban and suburban issues with an approved agency or firm. Placement depends on student qualifications and availability of positions. Students work with onsite supervisor and coordinator of urban and suburban studies. Offered by Schar School of Policy & Govt. Limited to three attempts.
Recommended Prerequisite: Open only to authorized students with 12 hours of USST; see USST coordinator. Individualized Section Form required.
Schedule Type: Internship
Grading: This course is graded on the Undergraduate Regular scale.

